
Computers was always a subject I was fond of participating ever since I was a kid. At school, out of all of my subjects, Chinese, Math, English, PE, dismissal, Computer Class was a subject that I was looking forward to the most. We had a wide range of topics in class like making animation, making websites, and using python to make a turtle draw shapes.

At the time when I was at highschool, and even until now, I am an avid gamer. I love to play games. I found out that some of my favorite games where games only made by 1 person. That fact inspired me and I pursued in game development for a year, it introduced me to C# and other programming concepts like classes and objects. A year after, I came to realize that it takes more work and effort and skill than I thought. I could get by making the code of the game, but it was struggling to make the music of the game, the player models, the art style, the networking. In the end, I stopped making games, but I still kept my desire to code.

I then entered college with choosing Computer Science as my course. The reason I choose this course was because I wanted to design and develop applications rather than troubleshoot and maintain computers and networks. It was exciting experiencing the college life, I began to work on my interpersonal skills by joining my department's student council. I made more effort than I made back in highschool and I got my first academic achievement after years by being a dean's lister. I was grateful that I introduced myself to coding early because that gave me the foundation not only to help myself but to help others to with learning the basics of programming. 

After a semester has past, unfortunately, thats when the global pandemic, COVID-19, began and our lock down began. Little did we know that our "2 week" lock down would end up being 2 years. During that time, due to the nature of our course, we weren't affected that much because all we need is our computers and laptops unlike the other courses that need instruments, machines, and require a face-to-face environment. 

In this period I was underloaded in my subjects and had extra free time, I decided to go myself a head start by applying for an internship early. I luckily got accepted into the company and made the most out of it. I learned more about laravel, learned how to use MERN. Unfortunately my time spent there was not credited due to me not talking to the coordinator first and me not making my weekly journal. Although it was not credited, it was an insightful experience and it gave me a glimpse of what to expect when I enter the industry.

And now this leads us to the present of this story, where I am currently doing my On Job Training to prepare me for the industry after I graduate. I still have one year left before I graduate and I hope I make the most of it while I am still considered a student and make the most out of the free time I have before I truly become a working citizen in this community.

